[gears whirl]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[ominous music]
[man mumbling]
- [Millie] Yes
fuck. open the door.
Get the fuck away from me
or I'm calling the police.
[ominous music]
- [Police] Which service?
- [Millie] Police please.
- [Police] Are you able to talk?
- [Millie] Yes.
- [Police] What's
your current address?
- [Millie] It's 57 Glenn Close.
- [Police] What's
your emergency?
- [Millie] Um. I went
on a date with this guy
and he made me eat cake
and now he followed me home
and he just tried to stop me
from getting in my house.
- [Police] He made you
eat cake on the date?
Where are you now miss?
- [Millie] In my house.
- [Police] Okay and where is he?
- I think he's going.
- [Police] Are
you in any danger?
- [Millie] No. I'm
just a bit shaken up.
- [Police] Would you like
us to send a policeman?
- [Millie] No. not really.
- [Police] Do you need
emergency services. ma'am?
- [Millie] No.
- [Police] Well
okay. but this line
is reserved for
emergencies only.
If you don't have-
- [Millie] I know. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have. sorry.
[ominous music]
[throwing up]
- [Masked Man] Your body
is going through a shock.
You need to rest for awhile.
Your body will
get strength back.
- What are you doing?
What's going on?
[heavy breathing]
Let me go!
[ominous music]
[strained breathing]
- [Masked Man]
You need to drink.
It's only water.
You need to calm down.
I'm not going to hurt you.
Your body is going
through shock.
You need to rest for awhile.
[grunting]
[beeping]
[Millie yelling]
[heavy breathing]
[ominous music]
You need to listen
to me. Millie.
I had to do this for us.
I had no choice.
This will be the best thing
that has ever happened to you.
You just need to trust me.
[ominous music]
[strained breathing]
[zapping]
[grunting]
- What the fuck?
[zapping]
What are you?
[grunting]
Stop!
[zapping]
[grunting]
What do you want?
[zapping]
- [Masked Man] Smile.
- What?
[zapping]
[grunting]
[strained breathing]
- [Masked Man] Good
morning darling.
- What the fuck?
[zapping]
[grunting]
- [Masked Man] Good
morning darling.
- What do you want
me to [grunting]
Good morning [zapping] darling.
Good morning. darling.
- [Masked Man]
How are you today?
- Fantastic. darling.
- [Masked Man] I'm hungry.
What's for breakfast?
- I don't know.
[zapping]
[grunting]
- [Masked Man] A slice of
brown toast. a boiled egg.
a mug of coffee and a pear.
Good morning darling.
- Good morning darling
[zapping]
[grunting]
Good morning darling.
- [Masked Man]
How are you today?
- Fantastic. darling.
How are you?
- [Masked Man] I'm hungry.
What's for breakfast?
- A brown slice of
toast. an egg boiled.
a cup of coffee and a pear.
- [Masked Man] Correct.
- What's gonna happen to me?
[spits out food]
What's gonna happen to me?
- [Masked Man] Finish your food.
[zapping]
[grunting]
[crying]
[beeping]
[strained breathing]
[ominous music]
Let it happen.
Don't fight this. Millie.
I don't want this
to keep happening.
I want things to be easy for us.
They can be easy for us.
Do you remember?
Do you remember. Millie?
In the field?
And we never wanted it to end.
Good morning darling.
[machine buzzing]
[zapping]
[grunting]
[panting]
I don't want to do this.
[machine buzzing]
[zapping]
[grunting]
[crying]
You need to listen to me.
You need to start doing as I ask
because I don't want
to keep hurting you.
[crying]
We need to trust one another.
Let's try this again.
Good morning. darling.
- Good morning. darling.
Thank you
for breakfast.
[machine buzzing]
Thank you for cutting me free.
- [Masked Man] Use your fork.
I don't want you
biting your fingers.
[zapping]
[grunting]
Don't rush.
- I'm sorry.
What do you want?
You don't have to do that.
Good morning. darling.
[zapping]
[grunting]
- [Masked Man] I
don't believe you.
- What the fuck do you want?
[zapping]
[grunting]
- [Masked Man] I
need you to behave.
- I'm sorry.
You know.
I kind of like being tied up.
[machine beeping]
[gentle music]
[water splashing]
[ominous music]
[footsteps approaching]
[knocking]
[door opening]
- [Zoe] Which dress.
black or yellow?
- Black. just leave
it on the bed.
[ominous music]
Let's get you dressed.
[dark gentle music]
[water running]
[grunting]
[upbeat guitar music]
[beeping]
[grunting]
[dark guitar music]
Millie!
[grunting]
[dark guitar music]
Millie!
Millie. you can't run from this.
[dark guitar music]
Millie!
[grunting]
It's okay. it's okay.
Millie. shhh. I'm
trying to help you.
- What the fuck
have you done to me?
- It's a side effect
of the drugs. Millie.
it's a loss of strength.
a loss of coordination.
I want to stop
giving them to you
but you have to start listening.
- What do you want?
You want to fuck
me. then fuck me.
If you want to kill
me. just end it.
just fucking do it now.
- Millie. Millie. there's
so much more than that.
Millie. I want you.
I want all of you.
But you have to start
listening to what I say.
It will be so much easier.
- You should listen to yourself.
Don't you think it's
a bit late for that?
- Millie. I'm gonna
have to hurt you now.
I am so sorry.
I don't want to hurt
you but I have to.
You're going to
wake up every day
from a nightmare
covered in sweat
but it won't be my
face that you see.
The mask is more
important than you think.
[ominous music]
Bite this.
I don't want you chewing
through your tongue again.
This is going to hurt. Millie.
But this is our last chance.
[heartbeat pounding]
[zapping]
I'm trying to help you.
[groaning]
- [Millie] Wait.
[zapping]
- [Masked Man] You're
going to be so happy
but you just have to let me in.
[grunting]
[zapping]
Why are you making
me do this. Millie?
[grunting]
It shouldn't have
to be this way.
[zapping]
It should be easy. Millie.
Stop making me do this.
[zapping]
Stop making me hurt you.
This is your fault. Millie.
You're making this
more difficult
than it ever needed to be.
[heartbeat pounding]
[zapping]
- You're awake. good.
Millie. can you hear me?
Yeah?
Millie. Millie talk to me.
I managed to break the
lock on the door. okay.
you're out now. you're safe.
- Who are you?
- I'm your friend.
Can you walk?
Millie. can you walk?
Come on up. use me.
[breathing heavily]
Millie look at me.
okay it's just
one straight road.
All right. you need to just
go straight down there.
- What happened?
- We've gone for a while yet.
Now's your chance to leave?
- I can't.
- Yes you can.
- I can't run from this.
- You can. yes you can.
Yes. you can.
- I can't leave him.
- What did you say?
- I don't want to go.
- It worked.
[ominous music]
- She just left me there.
I had no idea where I was
and I wasn't gonna follow her.
I looked around for
a road or a sign
but I couldn't find any.
And then I followed the
tracks back to the house.
- But you were gone for hours?
- It's okay. I liked the walk.
- And you still came
back all by yourself.
- I was testing her.
You did it. well done.
- You were testing her?
How were you testing her?
- To see if she'd run.
- Do you think she
was testing you?
- No.
- You could've
ruined everything.
- She's already done that.
- But anything could
have happened to her.
- No. there's no way
she would have left.
The grounds are far too big.
It just wouldn't have
worked. you know that.
- Give me the ring.
- What?
You don't mean that.
- Give me the ring.
Give me the ring.
- Please. please
you don't mean this.
No. no you don't mean
it you don't mean it.
Stop please stop.
Please look.
[gentle music]
- [Masked Man] Millie.
I want you to marry me.
I want to spend the rest
of my life with you.
Millie. you now have
free reign of the house.
I will get you your
list of duties.
Our wedding is set for two days.
Make sure you're ready.
[ominous music]
You have two days to alter
your dress to fit Millie
and then I'll decide
what to do with you.
[ominous music]
[ticking]
Dear Millie. my
requests are as follows.
At six a.m.. I want
you up and out of bed.
At 6:30. you should be dressed
and presentable for the day.
You will serve breakfast
after my shower
consisting of a
slice of brown toast.
a boiled egg.
a cup of black coffee and a
pear by seven o'clock sharp.
Then you are to attend
to the household.
You are to clean the main
bathroom twice a day.
Once after my shower and another
at a time that suits you.
The kitchen will be
spotless at all times.
even whilst cooking.
I do not ask for much.
only to be respected
and for our home to be
regarded in the same manner.
Zoe will be fitting you
for your wedding dress
and she will also
officiate on the day.
She is only here on
a temporary basis.
After the wedding. I will
decide on how to dispose of her.
But for now. pay no
attention to her.
Yours faithfully. your
darling husband to be.
[lighthearted music]
[Zoe yelling]
- I came to make some
adjustments to the dress
and I just found it like this.
She doesn't deserve the ring.
- It's okay.
It's okay. okay calm down.
come here. it's okay.
When I first saw you.
I was speechless.
You were the most beautiful
girl I'd ever seen.
So I followed you
to your house.
to your work.
I had to be sure that you
were who you said you were.
I had to do my research.
I spent months planning
and thinking what it
would be like to have you
and when I finally got you
I truly believed that
it would be perfect.
But perhaps I made
some mistakes.
I am so sorry.
[dark music]
[Zoe struggling]
Millie. I promise I will
never let this happen to you.
- I tore up the dress.
- You tore up the dress?
- Why?
- Because it was her dress
and it's my wedding day
and I don't want to wear
her dress on my day.
- That's fair.
[crying]
[ominous music]
[knocking]
- You can't sleep either?
- You should try
turning the lights off.
[dark gentle music]
Millie. I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
- No. no it isn't.
- Are you okay?
Why did you stop him?
- I didn't think
you deserved it.
- [Zoe] I think I do.
- Why?
[gentle music]
- For a time he was good to me.
We would walk around for
hours through the grounds
just to find the perfect spot.
[gentle music]
Just me and him.
We would have lunch there
and spend the day
just doing nothing.
nothing at all.
[gentle music]
We had it all to ourselves
and it was just the
right place to escape.
[gentle music]
But I couldn't
see past his face.
I couldn't sleep
without dreaming of him
trying to pin me down
or him chasing me down
through the woods.
I couldn't tell
them apart anymore.
I would wake up covered in sweat
terrified of which one
was sleeping next to me.
His hands that were
stroking my hair
were the same ones
that tied me down.
[ominous music]
the same ones that
shocked me half to death.
[ominous music]
The same ones that held me
and the same ones that loved me.
And it tore me apart.
I couldn't kill one
without killing the other
so I chose not to lose either.
but it was too late.
I lost him anyway.
And then he found you.
[gentle music]
He'll forgive you. you
know. but he won't forget.
People forget. not him.
[gentle music]
Millie. can you do me a favor?
- Yeah.
- Look after him.
- Of course. promise.
[gentle music]
- Is there anything
I can do for you?
- You can give me some sleep.
- I'll leave something behind
the mirror for you tomorrow.
But take it in small doses.
- Thanks.
- I'm gonna make you
look so pretty tomorrow.
I'll make sure of it.
I'll turn the light off for you.
- Night Zoe.
[dark gentle music]
- [Zoe] She's not waking up.
- [Masked Man] What
did you give her?
- [Zoe] Just a small bottle.
I told her only to
take a small dose.
- [Masked Man] An entire bottle?
- [Zoe] She needed
help sleeping.
- [Masked Man] Where
did you get it from?
- [Zoe] The safe.
- [Masked Man] This is it.
If she doesn't wake up.
then neither will you.
- She will.
[ominous music]
Millie. repeat after me.
I take thee to be
my wedded husband.
- I take thee to be
- To have and to hold
from this day forward.
- [Zoe] For better. for
worse. for richer. for poorer.
- For better. for worse.
for richer. for poorer.
- [Zoe] In sickness
and in health.
- In sickness and in health.
- To love.
- To cherish.
- [Zoe] To obey.
- To obey.
- Till death do us part.
- You may now kiss the bride.
[birds cawing]
[heartbeat pounding]
- You're not hungry?
Well try it at least.
- I'm fine. really.
- Zoe made you a cake.
The least you can do is try it.
- Okay.
[gentle happy music]
[grunting]
[throwing up]
- How much did you use?
How much did you use?
- How much of what?
- How much did you
put in the cake?
- I didn't make the cake.
- [Millie] I did.
- Stop!
Stop!
Stop.
Please stop.
[grunting]
It's okay. it's okay.
Talk to me. talk to me.
[sad music]
Okay.
Talk to me. talk to me.
Talk to me.
It's gonna be okay.
[sad music]
[ominous music]
It's a fucking good cake.